Regas action here soon of Ghidorah no
Genaro proces in Oaxaca Acosta mr.
placed later year the rock and went out
of the rally and perhaps that pressure
was just starting to tell wealth too
much palaver was continuing to forge and
was flying by literally
first mutant just a fractional advantage
of half a second however after some four
kilometers of the second stage there has
been a huge accident mango has gone off
in at the Citroen and the citroen xsara
burning away and completely wrecked as
you can see from these pictures
thankfully driver and co-driver unhurt
but a little bit too late on the brakes
on these narrow tricky roads and then
how the conditions very wet indeed and
cars going off all over the place of
course we used to encounter with muddy
conditions and that called out quite a
number of competitors as you can see
number 50 escort out of the event
unfortunately the team okay meanwhile
postponed to rentlemania sufrió militia
receded stratum yet are disguised as
complicado unique retrim innovative
others proved are nonsensical seen condo
pas un lugar napur now problems here for
the Mitsubishi with to really to gain
the experience at the higher levels of
rallying what experiences what is
necessary so you don't go doing that
sort of thing talk about new primary
passes in Palermo whose fizzy approval
adrenaline focus art Iliad
oh my grand does the intensity respected
works tava maluca is real took out
filters and essays maxi
balance nope la parte de palma Spanish
de la verga sound Ben Robinson Dooku
caboose ooh Megan Quad four cuatro meses
the position to vemos Loomis ito-san
algo que ricotta congenial afferent
hookah
one may have a 1-minute lead after the
second day this is triple Panamericana
winner Karl
Simo John Joseph made a more sober start
with just one victory in that first half
season in the Alsace Vosges rally
onboard with you gal ski now in the
Citroen Zara and this is one of the
occasions it went wrong the mid season
was not such mud grierson was about to
find out just how tricky the tracks were
just after this he lost valuable time
after getting stuck following another
slide
this Subaru Legacy on his way to a fine
fifth place in spite of this minor
diversion
at 7:00 was to be the last bendy saw in
this event Harrison was delighted with
his performance in the Metro 6r4 a
superb fourth place if he did always
come to grief here on stage for which he
forward with a roll towards the end his
problems all day mostly with the heat
and he was still well up the leaderboard
here on stage four
it was lucky this overshoot at the
junction could have cost him dear
you